- [Teacher] Now, the next step is
to add the Spring form tag library to the project's GSPs.
Now, Spring provides a comprehensive tag library
for all the data binding of our tags
that we need to embed as a part of HTML.
So we can just go and Google that, "spring form taglib,"
and if you see on the official documentation,
you should be able to get the taglibs in text
in order to put it on GSP.
There we go.
So I'm just going to copy this.
Come back to IDE.
Let's go to the register page.
And let's put it at the top there.
So, we have the form tag library embedded on the GSP page,
and now, we are basically going to derive
all the tags for the form that we have
on this register.GSP from this taglib.
So let's go down there and start
putting in all the attributes,
and that, I believe, is the next step,
so you have to convert all the HTML form elements
to the Spring form tags.
So let's do that.
So the first is the prefix for the
Spring tag library for form is form itself,
so it will look like this.
The rest of it doesn't change,
and then these input tags that you saw on line 45,
let's go and transform them to Spring tags.
So it'll be forminput, and instead of the name,
you can provide a path.
So that path attribute on the form input tag
is basically going to map it to
the username property of the user object.
That's exactly the process of data binding.
So these parts now that you define
on each of your elements in the form
are supposed to be exactly the same
as you have defined on your user object.
Let's remember that, because we are trying to
make sure that Spring MBC does the data binding for us,
which means those property names have to be identical.
So let's transform the rest of them.
Let's also copy form_input_path.
Let's copy this portion.
And then we can just quickly paste it
on the successive lines.
For a password, we are going to say, "form_input."
The path will be password.
Similarly, on line 47, form_input_path for first name,
and I'm going to do it for the last name as well.
Similarly, now for input drive radio,
of course it's not going to be form_input.
It's a radio button.
So in that case, it is going to change like this.
Se we are going to save form radiobutton.
You can get rid of type=radio.
And instead of name, we are going to say path.
Also, let's just change these values to a simple value.
Just say sport, and then do the same thing
for the next radio button that you have on the page.
And instead of "exercise in gym,"
we'll keep it simple and just say, "gym."
So you have two radio buttons on the page
asking the user what activity she wants to engage in,
play a sport or hit the gym.
And then, again, on line 53 for date of birth,
it's going to be the same,
so form:input and the path attribute.
Now, if you look at the gender, it is a drop-down.
It's an HTML drop-down element
that we have to convert to the form element
from the Spring taglib.
Now, for that, the control is form:select.
So I'm just going to come down here on line 55.
Say form dot select.
Path will be gender.
And now, if you remember in the previous video,
we went and registered gender items.
Let's recall that, let's go to home controller,
and we had added a model attribute,
which was supposed to pull in
all the gender values as a list.
So we are going to attach this
model attribute of gender items now
to that drop-down on the register GSP.
And how do you do it?
Through the items attribute on that form tag of taglib.
You can use the expression language,
spring expression language, with the dollar sign,
and you just have to make sure that you...
Spell it right out here.
So I'm going to say "genderItems".
And then close this tag.
So now we can get rid of the select tag,
which is the HTML code.
We don't need that, because we have already done it
with the Springs form taglib.
Right, and once we are done with this,
we have to close the form tag,
but it is supposed to be the form tag of spring tag lib,
so it'll be like that.
Right, so if we have the form tag closed correctly here,
and then we have used form tags from the taglib of Spring
to define all our input controls.
If you quickly look at this documentation and go back,
you also have Spring form GSP taglib,
and this is an exhaustive documentation
of how you can define many elements on your form.
So if you refer this, you might as well go ahead
and even introduce a lot more feeds on your forms
and play around with all those tags.